weather_talk =
    What is the temperature in Cumbria today?
    The temperature today in Cumbria is 17°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Cumbria tomorrow?
    The temperature in Cumbria tomorrow is 20°C slightly overcast
    What is the temperature in Cumbria the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Cumbria is 22°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Cumbria on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Cumbria in 4 days is 20°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Cumbria in 5 days?
    The temperature in Cumbria in 5 days is 16°C with moderate rain - bring a jacket!

    What is the temperature in Corfe Castle today?
    The temperature in Corfe Castle today is 17°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Corfe Castle tomorrow?
    The temperature in Corfe Castle tomorrow is 18°C slightly cloudy
    What is the temperature in Corfe Castle the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Corfe Castle is 19°C - clear skies all around!
    What is the temperature in Corfe Castle on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Corfe Castle in 4 days is 21°C - a second day of clear skies!
    What is the temperature in Corfe Castle in 5 days?
    The temperature in Corfe Castle in 5 days is 21°C with light rain

    What is the temperature in Cambridge today?
    The temperature in Cambridge today is 20°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Cambridge tomorrow?
    The temperature in Cambridge tomorrow is 22°C - clear skies all around!
    What is the temperature in Cambridge the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Cambridge is 24°C slightly cloudy
    What is the temperature in Cambridge on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Cambridge in 4 days is 24°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Cambridge in 5 days?
    The temperature in Cambridge in 5 days is 25°C with moderate rain - bring a jacket!

    What is the temperature in Bristol today?
    The temperature in Bristol today is 19°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Bristol tomorrow?
    The temperature in Bristol tomorrow is 20°C with overcast clouds
    What is the temperature in Bristol the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Bristol is 22°C with broken clouds
    What is the temperature in Bristol on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Bristol in 4 days is 23°C with clear skies
    What is the temperature in Bristol in 5 days?
    The temperature in Bristol in 5 days is 22°C with light rain

    What is the temperature in Oxford today?
    The temperature in Oxford today is 20°C with moderate rain - bring a jacket!
    What is the temperature in Oxford tomorrow?
    The temperature in Oxford tomorrow is 22°C with clear blue skies
    What is the temperature in Oxford the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Oxford is 24°C with scattered clouds
    What is the temperature in Oxford on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Oxford in 4 days is 24°C with another day of clear skies
    What is the temperature in Oxford in 5 days?
    The temperature in Oxford in 5 days is 21°C with light rain

    What is the temperature in Stonehenge today?
    The temperature in Stonehenge today is 18°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Stonehenge tomorrow?
    The temperature in Stonehenge tomorrow is 20°C with scattered clouds
    What is the temperature in Stonehenge the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Stonehenge is 22°C with clear blue skies
    What is the temperature in Stonehenge on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Stonehenge in 4 days is 24°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Stonehenge in 5 days?
    The temperature in Stonehenge in 5 days is 22°C with moderate rain - bring a jacket!

    What is the temperature in Norwich today?
    The temperature in Norwich today is 20°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Norwich tomorrow?
    The temperature in Norwich tomorrow is 23°C with clear blue skies
    What is the temperature in Norwich the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Norwich is 23°C with a few clouds
    What is the temperature in Norwich on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Norwich in 4 days is 25°C with another day of clear blue skies!
    What is the temperature in Norwich in 5 days?
    The temperature in Norwich in 5 days is 25°C with some more clear skies

    What is the temperature in Watergate Bay today?
    The temperature in Watergate Bay today is 17°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Watergate Bay tomorrow?
    The temperature in Watergate Bay tomorrow is 18°C with overcast clouds
    What is the temperature in Watergate Bay the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Watergate Bay is 19°C with scattered clouds
    What is the temperature in Watergate Bay on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Watergate Bay in 4 days is 19°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Watergate Bay in 5 days?
    The temperature in Watergate Bay in 5 days is 17°C with light rain

    What is the temperature in Birmingham today?
    The temperature in Birmingham today is 20°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Birmingham tomorrow?
    The temperature in Birmingham tomorrow is 21°C with broken clouds
    What is the temperature in Birmingham the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in Birmingham is 23°C with clear blue skies
    What is the temperature in Birmingham on the 4th day?
    The temperature in Birmingham in 4 days is 24°C with light rain
    What is the temperature in Birmingham in 5 days?
    The temperature in Birmingham in 5 days is 22°C with light rain

    What is the temperature in The Cotswolds today?
    The temperature in The Cotswolds today is 19°C with moderate rain - bring a jacket!
    What is the temperature in The Cotswolds tomorrow?
    The temperature in The Cotswolds tomorrow is 22°C with clear blue skies
    What is the temperature in The Cotswolds the day after tomorrow?
    The temperature in 3 days in The Cotswolds is 24°C with scattered clouds
    What is the temperature in The Cotswolds on the 4th day?
    The temperature in The Cotswolds in 4 days is 24°C with clear blue skies
    What is the temperature in The Cotswolds in 5 days?
    The temperature in Birmingham in 5 days is 22°C with light rain

    What is the weather?
    Please be more specific, such as "What is the temperature at (Destination) today?"
    What is the weather in Cambridge today?
    Please be more specific, such as "What is the temperature at (Destination) today?"
    What is the weather in Norwich?
    Please be more specific, such as "What is the temperature at (Destination) today?"